Hi all,
This is the weekly update. We had a very productive week where we covered a very difficult concept - the idea of statistical significance and the variability of sampling results.
Here are the problems that we were doing today if you are interested.
We actually have no homework this weekend (although if students are motivated and want to get a jump on things, our next chapter is 7-3 and the homework is listed below )
Besides that have a great weekend,
JB

Hi Computer Programmers,
Another beautiful week in codeland.  This week we learn to listen for events from the keyboard and we also started with animation - both necessary task for games, which we will start
this coming week, finally.   We should practice with animation the beginning of this week and then we will start a game project (maybe Pong, Im going to ponder it this weekend).
Hope everyone has a good weekend,
JB

I have had the pleasure of having Hoa for three classes.  He took my Statistic and Probability class and two computer classes. He also has worked on some computer projects for me on the side and
I have gotten to see his abilities outside of class as well.  Hoa is incredibly impressive young man who is one of the brightest, most internally motivated students I have known.
Last year, Hoa was in my Statistics and Probability class.  I also teach AP Statistics, but he was unable to take it because of scheduling.  The regular class was clearly too easy for him.  He grasped the material
instantly and also wanted more of a challenge.  I gave him the option of taking the book from the AP class and trying to do all the material on his own.  Many students might say that would like to but not follow through.
It is hard to learn the material on your own and it takes a real focus.  Hoa did this and had a better understanding than most of the students in the AP class.  I was really impressed how he could just read from the book and
grasp the very difficult topics.  He aced the AP in the spring, I was definitely impressed.
Hoa was equally, if not more impressive at Computer Science.  I had him for two classes - Intro to Programming and AP Computer Science.  He has a strong engineering mind and was fantastic at all the material.  His projects and
work were really examplars and exceeded all expectations.  He of course got a 5 on the AP and has a great understanding of all the relevant material.
I run a web site (BirthTracks.com) and I needed an app for my site and I thought of Hoa.  He knew nothing about app programming, but I knew he would do a great job.  I dont have an experience with
Android programming, so I was no use to help him, but he learned the material on his own.  He could keep a timeline and followed through (something many adult programmers I deal with do not do).  He created an app that is used by many of
my users and is available in the Google Play Store (search for BirthTracks).  I ended up needing another app for a version of BirthTracks for research in Africa.  Hoa was up for the task and tailored another version which he did pro-bono (this was a charitable enterprise).
Hoa is a very


https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/Primate&39;sdf
